README.md, before:

# Wars-of-Civilizations
This will be a 2D Platform game implemented in Java. In the game, the player is going to get through different timelines, with different characters. 
Timelines are going to include ancient, modern, and postmodern ages. As player passes the levels, their character will get through some adaptations in the means of weapons and
armor. Player is going to start from ancient age and post-modern age is going to be the last level that they  have to pass in order to win the game. There are going to be three
levels in accordance with three different timelines. At the end of each level player will have to deal with the most challenging enemy of that timeline. Player is going to have 
full health level at the start of the game. However, their health level is going to be decreased as they are going to be attacked by their enemies. After three damages player's
charachter will die and the player will have to restart the game from the first level. However, player will also be able to purchase some extra health pack or temporary shield 
during the game from the suprise boxes which will randomly appear in the map while the game is running.

Commit message:

Correcting problem statement.
- Some use cases are modified and added.
- Subtitles are added in order to give the information about the game in a organized way. 
- Reference game is noted with the additional note.
- Collaborators are added.

README.md, after:

#Wars-of-Civilizations

#Description: This will be a 2D Platform game implemented in Java. In the game, the player is going to get through different timelines, with different characters. 

#Menu 
Like most games this game will also allow the player to choose the options, for beginning to play, load the level (if there is) to continue the game, for configuring the game settings (audio, game difficulty and etc.) giving information about controls of the game through the menu.

#Maps & Controls
The game will contain 3 different maps, each of which will denote distinctive period of timeline.
Timelines are going to include ancient, modern, and postmodern ages. In the game there will be characters with the matching specifications to the each timeline. In terms of the interaction, the player/user will be able to physically move the characters with the use of selected keys on the keyboard. Additionally, as the player passes the maps, the current game character will get through some adaptations in the means of armor, health and weapons, for which in the game screen a crosshair will appear, which is used to aim by using the mouse.  

#Enemies & Bosses
At the beginning player starts from ancient age and post-modern age is going to be the last level that they  have to pass in order to win the game. At the end of each level player will have to deal with the most challenging enemy, namely boss of that timeline. 

#Health & Game states & Bonuses
Player has got a full health level at the start of the game. However, their health level is going to be decreased as they are going to be attacked by their enemies. After three damages player’s character dies, lost screen of the game appears and the player can restart the game from this screen. However, player will also be able to obtain some extra health pack or temporary shield during the game from the surprise boxes which will randomly appear in the map while the game is running. Additionally, the player can also pause the game by clicking pause button on the game screen or by pressing the short key from the keyboard. In case, the player beats the last boss of the game, which is the boss from the post-modern timeline, without losing all of his/her lives, the won screen of the game will appear, and after congratulating the player the game will return to its main menu, where he/she can restart the game and have fun again. 


#Reference game: http://www.maxgames.com/game/age-of-war-2.html
*Note about reference game: Only the scenario of the games are similar but the gameplay is totally different. In the reference you just create the warriors and let the AI play with them, but in ours, you are the player to fight the enemies. 


#Collaborators:

-Fuad Aghazada - 21503691
-Seyfullah Yamanoğlu - 21400697
-Bayram Muradov - 21503664
-Berk Erzin -
